My wife runs an art studio. We've started advertising it with google in May 2019. We are now very frustrated with how easily google managed to dishonestly charge $800. The gist of it is that google silently applies setting changes at their will that affect charges without our knowledge or consent. Chances of getting refunded right now seems pretty slim. I wouldn't be surprised if this had happend to other users google ads. Looking for some advice as to how we should proceed here.

For the curious, here's a more detailed turn of events:

1. May 21- I have created two display-ads campaigns. For some reason these campaings did not serve any ads. 
2. Jun 3 and Jul 4- Spent more time (on these two occasions) to get the campaigns running. I tweaked budgests, labels, topics, keywords and what not... nothing worked. I even called google support at some point but did not get any meaningul feedback. So I basically lost interest and abondend this effort. 
3. Dec 5- The campaigns suddenly started to serve ads at top velocity ($200/day, twice the budget). I have made absolutly no change prior (since Jul 4) and the campaigns actually *never* served any ads *ever* so naturally I was not expecting this at all. 
4. Dec 8- I cought on this after four days (since google charges once debt goes over $500) and immediately disabled the campaigns . I honestly never intended to spend so much. Since the campaigns never worked it did not occure to me to dial the budgets down (I initially planned on specding maybe 1/5 as much) or to disable them all together.
5. Dec 9- Called google support to understand why this had happened. I was told by the agent plain and simple that google indeed *made some internal changes* at in the beginning of December which caused the behaviour change. These changes were done without my knowledge or consent. I asked to get a refund, which the agent agreed is warranted. She then proceeded to get the proper approvals within google to get a refund.
6. Dev 26- google reached out to me and suggested a credit of $400 for future spends... which entirelly unsatisfactory as we do not wish to use the service any longer. I am still in touch with them to get a refund instead.
